It's not.
So that was one of them.
And so as my welcome to this new auditorium in the audience.
I have presented to write the publisher and subscriber in Ross music C++ and by following the story
and we are going to apply this principle in order to develop a new application the school called that
is cleaner.
So the idea here is that you that seem to make the coverage of certain Edgar and this can be in different
ways.
For example in this picture you can see the title goes first to a certain point and then try to move
straight and then retain and move straight.
And so on.
So this is actually emulating overclean or like goombah or others.
So there is no single word to cover or to clean.
Certainly here we can have another exiguous in like the following.
And now the idea is that we develop this application using the principles of Publisher and subscribers
of course when we have a large problem like the following and when we do something about our problems
in two different desks or different functions.
So here we can observe whatever the execution is about to move in a certain direction forward or backward.
It needs to make alterations either in the left side or in the right side.
And in this case it needs to go to a certain goal point.
So we just have our problems tied to the right of primitives and functions that we can use to be our
cleaning application.
OK these are the different functions we are going to start with the development and then we will move
to writing the cleaning function.
So he is going to develop a method that is called Move that allows a little bit to move straight.
We specify the speed we specify what is the distance.
And also we specify whether it needs to move forward or backward.
You will also write the function that is going to rotate and these we may get over to date either in
the left side or in the right side so we need to specify the angular velocity or the angular speed.
We need to specify also the angle that we need to move and also either it turns clockwise or counterclockwise.
So since all the all the angles in Rus are expressed in radian And we human beings we actually it's
easier for us to express the angle in degrees.
So we are going to also to the right method is called degrees to radiance which make the conversion.
So it takes ongoing in degrees and then it returns the angle in radians that makes a simple conversion
so that the user enters a certain value in degrees it will be converted first to radians so that it
can be well understood and executed by Ross.
So in addition we are going to write a method that is called Move goal which takes a good position that
we need to go to.
And also the distance talers least it means how much we can target the two when you on with the rest
of the goal.
So now let's move to the implementation of our.